README.rst, before:

Pretix Google Analytics
==========================

This is a plugin for `pretix`_. 

Adds Google Analytics capabilities to Pretix

Development setup
-----------------

1. Make sure that you have a working `pretix development setup`_.

2. Clone this repository.

3. Activate the virtual environment you use for pretix development.

4. Execute ``python setup.py develop`` within this directory to register this application with pretix's plugin registry.

5. Execute ``make`` within this directory to compile translations.

6. Restart your local pretix server. You can now use the plugin from this repository for your events by enabling it in
   the 'plugins' tab in the settings.

This plugin has CI set up to enforce a few code style rules. To check locally, you need these packages installed::

    pip install flake8 isort black

To check your plugin for rule violations, run::

    black --check .
    isort -c .
    flake8 .

You can auto-fix some of these issues by running::

    isort .
    black .

To automatically check for these issues before you commit, you can run ``.install-hooks``.


License
-------


Copyright 2024 fronbasal

Released under the terms of the Apache License 2.0



.. _pretix: https://github.com/pretix/pretix
.. _pretix development setup: https://docs.pretix.eu/en/latest/development/setup.html

Commit message:

feat: bump version. use google analytics directly

README.rst, after:

Pretix Google Analytics
==========================

This is a plugin for `pretix`_. 

Adds Google Analytics capabilities to Pretix.

Just a development version base, do not use in production as-is as it could expose sensitive data & doesn't support consent.

See `pretix-tracking-codes <https://marketplace.pretix.eu/products/tracking/>`_ for an officially supported solution.

Development setup
-----------------

1. Make sure that you have a working `pretix development setup`_.

2. Clone this repository.

3. Activate the virtual environment you use for pretix development.

4. Execute ``python setup.py develop`` within this directory to register this application with pretix's plugin registry.

5. Execute ``make`` within this directory to compile translations.

6. Restart your local pretix server. You can now use the plugin from this repository for your events by enabling it in
   the 'plugins' tab in the settings.

This plugin has CI set up to enforce a few code style rules. To check locally, you need these packages installed::

    pip install flake8 isort black

To check your plugin for rule violations, run::

    black --check .
    isort -c .
    flake8 .

You can auto-fix some of these issues by running::

    isort .
    black .

To automatically check for these issues before you commit, you can run ``.install-hooks``.


License
-------


Copyright 2024 Daniel Malik

Released under the terms of the Apache License 2.0



.. _pretix: https://github.com/pretix/pretix
.. _pretix development setup: https://docs.pretix.eu/en/latest/development/setup.html
